# The image generation response

Source: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/images/object

The response from the image generation endpoint.

## Properties
- `created` (integer, required): The Unix timestamp (in seconds) of when the image was created.
- `data` (array<object>, optional): The list of generated images.
  - Items:
    - `b64_json` (string, optional): The base64-encoded JSON of the generated image. Returned by default for the GPT image models, and only present if `response_format` is set to `b64_json` for `dall-e-2` and `dall-e-3`.
    - `url` (string, optional): When using `dall-e-2` or `dall-e-3`, the URL of the generated image if `response_format` is set to `url` (default value). Unsupported for the GPT image models.
    - `revised_prompt` (string, optional): For `dall-e-3` only, the revised prompt that was used to generate the image.
- `background` (string, optional): The background parameter used for the image generation. Either `transparent` or `opaque`. Enum: 'transparent', 'opaque'.
- `output_format` (string, optional): The output format of the image generation. Either `png`, `webp`, or `jpeg`. Enum: 'png', 'webp', 'jpeg'.
- `size` (string, optional): The size of the image generated. Either `1024x1024`, `1024x1536`, or `1536x1024`. Enum: '1024x1024', '1024x1536', '1536x1024'.
- `quality` (string, optional): The quality of the image generated. Either `low`, `medium`, or `high`. Enum: 'low', 'medium', 'high'.
- `usage` (object, optional): For `gpt-image-1` only, the token usage information for the image generation.
  - `input_tokens` (integer, required): The number of tokens (images and text) in the input prompt.
  - `total_tokens` (integer, required): The total number of tokens (images and text) used for the image generation.
  - `output_tokens` (integer, required): The number of output tokens generated by the model.
  - `output_tokens_details` (object, optional): The output token details for the image generation.
    - `image_tokens` (integer, required): The number of image output tokens generated by the model.
    - `text_tokens` (integer, required): The number of text output tokens generated by the model.
  - `input_tokens_details` (object, required): The input tokens detailed information for the image generation.
    - `text_tokens` (integer, required): The number of text tokens in the input prompt.
    - `image_tokens` (integer, required): The number of image tokens in the input prompt.
