# The chat completion chunk object

Source: https://platform.openai.com/docs/api-reference/chat-streaming/streaming

Represents a streamed chunk of a chat completion response returned
by the model, based on the provided input. 
[Learn more](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/streaming-responses).

## Properties
- `id` (string, required): A unique identifier for the chat completion. Each chunk has the same ID.
- `choices` (array<object>, required): A list of chat completion choices. Can contain more than one elements if `n` is greater than 1. Can also be empty for the
  last chunk if you set `stream_options: {"include_usage": true}`.
  - Items:
    - `delta` (object, required): A chat completion delta generated by streamed model responses.
      - `content` (string | null, optional)
      - `function_call` (object, optional): Deprecated and replaced by `tool_calls`. The name and arguments of a function that should be called, as generated by the model. Deprecated.
        - `arguments` (string, optional): The arguments to call the function with, as generated by the model in JSON format. Note that the model does not always generate valid JSON, and may hallucinate parameters not defined by your function schema. Validate the arguments in your code before calling your function.
        - `name` (string, optional): The name of the function to call.
      - `tool_calls` (array<object>, optional)
        - Items:
          - ...
      - `role` (string, optional): The role of the author of this message. Enum: 'developer', 'system', 'user', 'assistant', 'tool'.
      - `refusal` (string | null, optional)
    - `logprobs` (object, optional): Log probability information for the choice.
      - `content` (array<object>, required): A list of message content tokens with log probability information.
        - Items:
          - ...
      - `refusal` (array<object>, required): A list of message refusal tokens with log probability information.
        - Items:
          - ...
    - `finish_reason` (string, required): The reason the model stopped generating tokens. This will be `stop` if the model hit a natural stop point or a provided stop sequence,
      `length` if the maximum number of tokens specified in the request was reached,
      `content_filter` if content was omitted due to a flag from our content filters,
      `tool_calls` if the model called a tool, or `function_call` (deprecated) if the model called a function. Enum: 'stop', 'length', 'tool_calls', 'content_filter', 'function_call'.
    - `index` (integer, required): The index of the choice in the list of choices.
- `created` (integer, required): The Unix timestamp (in seconds) of when the chat completion was created. Each chunk has the same timestamp.
- `model` (string, required): The model to generate the completion.
- `service_tier` (string | null, optional)
- `system_fingerprint` (string, optional): This fingerprint represents the backend configuration that the model runs with.
  Can be used in conjunction with the `seed` request parameter to understand when backend changes have been made that might impact determinism. Deprecated.
- `object` (string, required): The object type, which is always `chat.completion.chunk`. Enum: 'chat.completion.chunk'.
- `usage` (object, optional): Usage statistics for the completion request.
  - `completion_tokens` (integer, required): Number of tokens in the generated completion. Default: `0`.
  - `prompt_tokens` (integer, required): Number of tokens in the prompt. Default: `0`.
  - `total_tokens` (integer, required): Total number of tokens used in the request (prompt + completion). Default: `0`.
  - `completion_tokens_details` (object, optional): Breakdown of tokens used in a completion.
    - `accepted_prediction_tokens` (integer, optional): When using Predicted Outputs, the number of tokens in the
      prediction that appeared in the completion. Default: `0`.
    - `audio_tokens` (integer, optional): Audio input tokens generated by the model. Default: `0`.
    - `reasoning_tokens` (integer, optional): Tokens generated by the model for reasoning. Default: `0`.
    - `rejected_prediction_tokens` (integer, optional): When using Predicted Outputs, the number of tokens in the
      prediction that did not appear in the completion. However, like
      reasoning tokens, these tokens are still counted in the total
      completion tokens for purposes of billing, output, and context window
      limits. Default: `0`.
  - `prompt_tokens_details` (object, optional): Breakdown of tokens used in the prompt.
    - `audio_tokens` (integer, optional): Audio input tokens present in the prompt. Default: `0`.
    - `cached_tokens` (integer, optional): Cached tokens present in the prompt. Default: `0`.
